# python-challenge
Module 3 Challenge: PyBank and PyPoll
# Py Bank
Imported necessary libraries and set up file paths.
Defined variables to hold data and calulate summary statistics.
Opened the budget_data.csv file and extracted first row to avoid appending to net_change_list (total_month and total_net)
Loop through the rows of data. For every row incremented the total_months and the total_net.
Calculate the change in profit/loss from the previous row and add it to the profit/loss change list.
Update the variables for the greatest increase and decrease in profits if the current row has a higher increase or a lower decrease.
Finally, calculate the average change in profit/loss
Print out ananlysis to the terminal and write it to a text file.
# PyPoll
Imported necessary libraries and set up file paths.
Defined variables to hold data and calculate summary election results.
Opened the election_data.csv file and extracted. 
Loop through the rows of data. For every row increment total_votes. 
Counts votes for each candidate in the candidates dictionary.
If the candidate is not already in the candidate list, add them
Determines the winner based on the most votes.
Open a text file to save the output: 
Loop through the candidates and calculate their percentage of votes.
Print results to terminal and write results to text file.
# References:
Data for this dataset was generated by edX Boot Camps LLC, and is intended for educational purposes only.
Used google for loading indicator for large datasets, accessed January 2025.
Stackoverflow, Python Progress Bar, accessed January 2025.
Tutoring Session with Carlos Gattorno help on average changes in profit/losses
